content/devices/_index.md, before:

---
title: smart devices
description: description
---
there are many internet connected devices, but we'll aim to cover the ones you interact with daily.

# smart tv and streaming sticks
your google tv, fire tv, roku, etc...

## troubeshooting
### nothings loading?
0. check other devices on the same network do they have internet?
1. check your devices internet, is it connected? turn it off and back on
2. make sure your device is update and restart it
3. there might be some other issues, contact your device manufacturer 

### my device is slow or ran out of space
1. restart your device
2. make sure the system software is up to date
3. delete unused apps
    - many free apps can be bloated and show down your device with ads and tracking information
    - or unused apps can be hogging resources
4. delete app caches and keep an 
4. factory reset your device and slowly add back apps to narrow down the cause of the issues.
4. if nothing works good luck, it might be time for an updated device

Commit message:

content: additional categories and intro heading

content/devices/_index.md, after:

---
title: smart devices
description: description
---

# intro

_there are many internet connected devices, but we'll aim to cover the ones you interact with daily._

# smart tv and streaming sticks

your google tv, fire tv, roku, etc...

## troubeshooting

### nothings loading?

0. check other devices on the same network do they have internet?
1. check your devices internet, is it connected? turn it off and back on
2. make sure your device is update and restart it
3. there might be some other issues, contact your device manufacturer

### my device is slow or ran out of space

1. restart your device
2. make sure the system software is up to date
3. delete unused apps
   - many free apps can be bloated and show down your device with ads and tracking information
   - or unused apps can be hogging resources
4. delete app caches and keep an
5. factory reset your device and slowly add back apps to narrow down the cause of the issues.
6. if nothing works good luck, it might be time for an updated device

# google home, alexa, homepod, etc...

# game consoles

# other smart devices
